[Music]
a
can literally change your life like
whenever you want you can like get up
and you can meet new people you can join
new club the middle of the year year if
you know that they allow that
he
[Music]
keep waving at the taxis W waving at the
taxis W waving at the
[Music]
tax keep waving at the taxing at the
taxiing at the taxi
[Applause]
[Music]
waving at the taxi W waving at the taxis
W waving at the
[Music]
[Applause]
taxi waving at the taxi w at the taxi w
at the
[Music]
[Applause]
taxi keep waving at the taxi W waving at
the tax W wav at the
[Applause]
[Music]
taxi w at the tax
at the taxi at the taxi at the
[Applause]
[Music]
taxi keep waving at the tax W waving at
the tax say keep
[Music]
turning waiting at the taxis W waiting
at the taxis W waiting at the taxi
[Music]
keep waving at the taxi Mak W waving at
the taxi like you
[Music]
turning keep waving at the taxis W
waving at the taxis W waving at the
[Music]
taxi w
CH cry
you try your
[Music]
heart do you want to
I've
been a coule times now we should
[Music]
bearette bra your
pleas
okay okay
[Music]
let meing feel
your like
[Music]
[Applause]
yes
[Music]
oh
s
[Music]
just
oh
[Music]
to
the
go
[Music]
sh
you
[Music]
B
you
[Music]
my tongue on a razor convinced that I
save now I always
you smoke hard
leaves my on
I always keep you on my mind me keep it
all inside I forgot what it
[Music]
felt my ra that I save you always keep
you on
my tell me keep it all inside I forgot
what it
[Music]
smoke
my I always keep you
[Music]
you
WR
[Music]
o
turn down
the turn down
the turn down these voice
ins
[Music]
my just hold me
close don't
[Music]
p p
make you love
[Music]
me you can make your heart
feel something
[Music]
love
my
[Music]
only I see
her stand
[Music]
my heart
I
[Music]
[Applause]
a
[Music]
[Applause]
you disappointed
[Music]
she
just
[Music]
[Applause]
w
[Music]
SC
I'm okay
[Music]
la
just